feat: FlexLayout blog post (#485)
webforj/webforj-documentation: docs/blog/2025-08-19-flexlayout-container/index.md

So, if webforJ's `FlexLayout` provides the same functionality as CSS Flexbox, how does one translate to the other?
If you've used Flexbox before, `FlexLayout` will be a familiar tool with different syntax.
Instead of writing CSS like `justify-content: space-between;` you will use object methods and enums to write Java code such as `layout.SetJustifyContent(FlexJustifyContent.BETWEEN);`.

| Function | CSS Flexbox | webforJ `FlexLayout` |
|----------|-------------|-------------------|
| **Flex Container** | An HTML element with the `display` attribute set to `flex`. | A `FlexLayout` component, created with the `FlexLayoutBuilder`. |
| **Flex Items** | Child elements of the container are items in the container. | Add components with the `add(component)` method, or create the `FlexLayout` with a list of components to include. |
| **Properties and Values** | Set CSS properties such as `justify-content` or `flex-wrap` on the container or items, using values like `space-evenly` or `wrap`. | Use FlexLayout methods such as `setJustifyContent()` or `setWrap()` to set specific properties, using enums like `FlexJustifyContent.EVENLY` or `FlexWrap.WRAP`. |

> 

Reviewer: Consider adding code blocks that directly shows a side by side comparison of two types of implementation of CSS vs Java, like in the [Size](https://docs.webforj.com/docs/components/drawer#size) section in the `Drawer` article.

This post focuses on configuring the `FlexLayout` container. 
A `FlexLayout` has a **main axis** and a **cross axis**, and you can configure them independently.

### The main axis
The main axis is the primary axis on which the items in a `FlexLayout` appear, and can be either horizontal (row) or vertical (column), depending on the direction setting. 
You can configure the main axis direction, wrapping, and item positioning.

#### `setDirection()`
You can control the direction of the main axis with `setDirection()`, which corresponds to the CSS property `flex-direction`. 
The image below shows the four possible values of the `FlexDirection` enum. 
Each series of boxes is a `FlexLayout`, and the number corresponds to the order the element was added. 
For `ROW` and `COLUMN`, the items appear in order from left to right or top to bottom, but for `ROW_REVERSE` and `COLUMN_REVERSE`, they are reversed:

![visual demonstration of FlexLayout.setDirection()](FlexLayout-setDirection.png)
#### `setWrap()`
Wrapping content is one of the greatest benefits of the `FlexLayout`. 

> With wrapping enabled, content that doesn't fit in a single line moves to the next line in the direction of the cross axis, so your layout can adapt to different screen sizes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With wrapping enabled, content that doesn't fit in the width of the `FlexLayout` moves to the next line in the direction of the cross axis, so your layout can adapt to different screen sizes. 
```

Author: Since wrapping can apply to horizontal or vertical layouts, I think 'line' is still the best word here, as it's general enough to apply to both scenarios.

You can configure how individual items and multiple lines are positioned along the cross axis.

#### `setAlignment()`
You can control how individual items are aligned along the cross axis with `setAlignment()`, which corresponds to the CSS property `align-items`. 
The following image shows all the possible values of the `FlexAlignment` enum in horizontal layouts for items of varying sizes. 
:::tip
Notice how the `BASELINE` alignment depends on text size, because the items are aligned according to the text baseline.
:::

![visual demonstration of FlexLayout.setAlignment()](FlexLayout-setAlignment.png)

#### `setAlignContent()`
If wrapping is enabled, you may have multiple lines of content, each with their own main and cross axes. 
To control the alignment of the **lines** of content, use `setAlignContent()`, which corresponds to the CSS property `align-content`. 
In the image below, every value of the `FlexContentAlignment` enum is used to arrange three lines of items within horizontal layouts with wrapping enabled.

![visual demonstration of FlexLayout.setAlignContent()](FlexLayout-setAlignContent.png)

> ## Summary

Reviewer: Might be worth including a reference to this article: https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/

Author: Good idea; added in the latest commit.
